is there a way for me to eat meat where
I don't have any of the immoral problems
one of the things to consider is what's
the impact on humans if I stop eating
meat I mean so for instance eating the
agricultural industry armours ranchers
truckers all of them lose but it's also
contributes to the rate of elephants but
do you think what you think interviews
more to the greater good of humans
either making sure those people keep
their jobs or combating climate change
all right now now we know we've jumped
into another row the reason I ask is
because the agricultural industry is the
single biggest contributor to climate
change yes fumbled and travel and their
inside doesn't move that together we
always have in front of these guys 300
gallons of water across the way we keep
almost 400 gallons and we do so down the
other side we have a truck that's
dedicated solely with a tank on it
filling it with water and that's part of
our daily routine
there's about 319 million people living
in the US and the average American eats
about 71 pounds of red meat and 54
pounds of poultry per year multiply that
by America's population and it will
total 22 point 65 billion pounds of red
meat and seventeen point 23 billion
pounds of poultry meat production
requires more water than fruits
vegetables for grains per pound for
example one pound of beef or course
1,800 gallons of water while one pound
of wheat requires about 200 gallons of
water we are the those animals aren't
gonna go away when we stop eating them
well you know yes they are I mean once
the demand gets suit so there are
currently unthinkable numbers of animals
that are specifically being bred to be
tortured and sorted if the demand goes
down then they simply just won't be born
anymore and so it's the animals not
gonna go extinct so may the better
solution is to do like a fan oh snap and
eliminate half the human beings
if you just kill half of the people on
the planet that's not good well they see
and I'm not convinced we have an
overpopulation crisis okay but even if
we don't like right you could say that
one way to combat climate change would
be to cut the population up for sure
another way to combat with climate
change would be driving cars would be to
stop driving cars but an even better way
than both of those they probably put
together was to stop eating meat and in
fact I think the single biggest thing
that you can do as an individual to
combat your personal like ecological
footprint it stop eating meat raising
live subjects of a huge amount of water
because we need to produce massive
amounts of feed producing feed for
animals to not only take up a lot of
water to produce but it takes up land
that can be used to grow crops for
humans cattle raised for meat consumed
equals to the caloric mean of eight
point seven billion people more than the
current population is seven billion and
if that's the case then not only do we
now have a situation where there is
there is a whole the whole argument of
the ethical worth of animals and that's
one thing you know put this entirely
separate argument about the
environmentalism and how that's going to
affect you and future generations so so
one of the things and this is not so
first of all having addressed been
presented with this before
I am NOT even disagreeing with you on
the impact of not changing the truth of
the matter is this is I think my
objection here isn't even on mold it's
on a matter of practicality because we
know they're rolling majority people
aren't going to take this step and so am
individual taking this step isn't it
yeah but you can say the same thing
about voting but you can say the same
thing about voting but you can say the
same thing about voting I would probably
be a more moral person and probably to
be doing more if the world if I just
stopped it
[Music]
never remotely denied that the thing is
the factors that would keep me eating
meat under some circumstance not all
have so far outweighed the factors that
would make me stop and what are those
factors if you had to will
well whittling them down is kind of
difficult raising animals for food also
produce massive amounts of waste
approximately 130 times more than the
entire human population farms which
raise animals are also responsible for
polluting our waterways with animal
waste pesticides chemicals fertilizers
hormones and antibiotics this is more
than all other industrial sources
combined so the climate change argument
by the way is the strongest one of all
of them for me personally when other
people presented this about you know the
impact of this I'm like yeah that's an
issue and if that's the case and I have
accurate information then yep on board
but that's a separate issue from the
moral the types of moral arguments that
I'm often presented with which is you
know oh don't kill the poor animals is
there a way for me to eat meat where I
don't have any of the immoral problem
like people would just think that you
just don't care enough yeah about animal
and they could be right
[Music]